Yes I Hello Good evening or good
So you best lottery position of the Dragon Ball It is the last video
Last apartment
Broly
It is to say that it can not racket
Did you enter
How
at last
Well then
Yes
With glory go
It was possible
Yes Broly of the Last One Prize Yes
I haven't opened it yet
It may be a bit hard to see
Yes you can gate here
It is yes Yokori
11 pieces left
I bought all 8 and got
The Well I Well several times the convenience store I check had been carried out occasionally, but Well
If there is a day I can not reduce
There was only one country decreasing or something like that.
that
Well I thought there might be people who think in the same way
Anyway, let's take a look
3 People who think in the same way
If you have bought the whole thing a little while ahead, it will be time for sea lion the night
I was going to give up, but luckily
Made market by Tteyuu where 21 sheets
I think it was good Well this day The first lot of Dragon Ball is that it is the end
Mother at
It was good and finished successfully
It is feeling that today is this Nema introduction and
It is 8 after here
ufo catcher, but it was a little thereafter
8 It is a turntable, such as decorate whether it is here that a good finisher and a
What example solar panels Well that
De that around
Here's the blue LED light
and travel with put a battery
I come around the room
It looks beautiful to make it light up
This is a turn-table it is here
One
Two
Yes
With three
Yes walk way
In fact, in I've been get one Yomou I'm already there one is we have opened another
I already used it
It becomes here
Yes
A lot of lights are shining
In Hi you here have become a solar panel
Well in this
A little bit
If you put Yufy
I say turn round and round in such a feeling
8 things
In this three four four yes I got a total of four
High that it is really
When you take something
That 's right here, but everything is attached
that
Shifting this by hooking the Hey arm is here of the hook
It was like feeling like it was like dropping it before saying it was dropped.
Well hey and once I did it, I only moved a little bit
Let's elephant
I thought that my son is here
Doing himself a son so say try doing so was to Tteyuu it'll be inserted Bukkake
By say went to go See you say and try doing viewed
If you try
The in this lift knit and we bushings stab here to Minoo Metropolitan
Because it was a feeling like auto, I grabbed the knack
While the four says there anymore
I could get everything for 100 yen
In the same way
Yes, I have also taken a One
I feel that Hi
Well, because it's a bit bright at night, the sound horse is a little bit difficult to see during the daytime
It's also said that it's pretty nice when it gets a little dark, and it's Fini anne
Entered I feel it is light up
Yes Art It Is Well best lottery now finally that
It was over, but Dragon Ball was over,
Next month, one cup of one piece in February
The second part begins
Never that hit until now I dress a prize Toka b Award Toka ne the top prize at all
Right
I'm aiming for something, but I've never hit it again
Why should I do Fear fishing this time ?
I'm looking forward to it, but I'm a little worried
Chopper's previous movie seems to have used up a prize, a prize, and a nephew
I feel so
I feel like I can not get luck until Nankane
I think that as long as packet'd have good luck looking forward to it well in
It is blog of the most lottery today by saying yes
It was introduced and the introduction here of the turntable to
Thank you very much for watching it and it's too sticky
Hello